hey people as a thank you for
over 50,000 subscribers so many
Thanks a lot
more elaborate video and 10 with the
Together, the two show Dominokette
a little something this spring
and summer as modern as I would say
We also start directly with two
outfits the current trend parts
But they really do contain them
Great to wear in everyday life
place can you ever two
recognize spring trends quite well and
Although once this glittering trend in such
pastel bright colors what you get here
in the dress really very good looks
is from talkshow and that's just it
nice especially now you can do it too
put on with dark tights
but when it gets warmer you can do that
also super gather and one
another trend is fraying
I have a normal one here
fringed bag simply put on
and I bet that many of you
also have some and the whole
Franconia could do it again
rausholen and so a nice lower
lipgloss is totally modern as well
you'll be able to get beautiful pink colors soon
wear your lips
in katie's everyday outfit
also hiding two trends and
Although once the black and white trend the
that recognize well on their top
could and the system would be this
belly-free trend and because we have that
want to make a bit more suitable for everyday use
she just has such a skater
bit drawn up and be for
top top opted for but flashes
maybe a bit, sometimes
but by when does not the whole thing run
excitement
besides, there is her beautiful braided
Hairstyle also totally in trend
so you have a little more about it
Find out what's so modern this season
I still have two of my beauty
asked guru colleague and tell the story
a little bit about your current one
favorite trends found the milk over
when I have a bag with fringes and
that is my detailed
favorite bag because the same
has beautiful fruits and I am happy
me very much so she is wearing that now so yes
pastel colors I absolutely love I have
loved it last summer
i like so light blue pastel colors or
all bright pink bright yellow looks too
very nice but not me now
So with my red hair I think
such a bright pastel gives fits
not to me the trend alright i like
Personally I like it very much
very nice but it just is not
what I have for each day especially
then much too much scares me
to make dirty like a little one
child when I'm dressed completely white
is therefore of blum I was always higher
a total fan and that's why we're happy
Also this year as well as
last year again the flower imprint
trousers are tops in the trend
sweaters
or even that 's it with flowers
imprint I find very nice
At the end, there is another one
hairstyle for you which is super easy too
and just perfect for that
Spring I find that so beautiful I would
we say they look sometimes a
So therefore I'm in the total in
Trend I show you one now
hairstyle like your very own owner and
This hair band could be installed from
Primark and only two euros is cost
still very up to date
at first I combed her hair
and pulled a crest
we have the hair band from the top up
put your head on it, if you like that
then one has her ears divided
first off a pretty big game
and then I like to put mine
index finger under the hair band through the
a little bit and take it
my index finger then as such a
Type crochet hook and target is down
then take another to this strand
Hair stick my index finger
through and pull this hair strand again
through the hair band and do that
I until I centered at the coque
arrived and on the other side
I do exactly the same thing I turn
The hair is a bit backwards
put my index finger through and
pull the hair down to have
take and stick through and pull through
That's how it looks from behind
Hair is medium so I can
Now just wrap it around two fingers
and pinning your head firmly with social
bobby pins just from the side
shove
Now I can do this art dutt easy
a little bit and the baby skin
also still far inserted
beautify and come back
little stretch of already
Are you done when you still feel like it?
have also another springlike
hairstyles then just have a look
on my channel domino kadi over and
the link is of course infobox again
that was her video now too
I would like to know in the comments
Write like you think so if so
many other people in my videos
I think it's totally cool
and it's just way more fun too
edit and I believe too
maybe to look at it but you
In any case, you should still
from the democracy a video here
look at
because she makes me a few more
other hairstyles and she just has it
So good you should
you really can not miss and
at the other two girls share
you should also stop by
I link you here somehow and
then it was over again from me
50,000 subscribers and we'll meet again
in the next video again until then